EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/checkout/checkout_features/rma_process.md

# RMA process

eZ Commerce offers a simple RMA (return merchandise authorization) process.
The goal is to inform the user about the cancellation policies and give them the possible to return their goods - online as well.

The cancellation process validates the input and sends an email to the shop administrator. 

![](../../img/rma_process.png)

## Link to cancellation form

There is a link to the cancellation policies and online cancellation form displayed in the footer.

> The textmodules that are used to render the footer can be configured per SiteAccess:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text modules that are used to render the footer can be configured per SiteAccess:
```

## Online RMA form

> eZ Commerce also offers an online RMA form. After user submits this form, an email is sent to admin the using [SendRmaEmailDataProcessor](../../one_page_forms/one_page_forms_api/dataprocessors/dataprocessors_after_submitting/sendrmaemaildataprocessor.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce also offers an online RMA form. After user submits this form, an email is sent to admin using [SendRmaEmailDataProcessor](../../one_page_forms/one_page_forms_api/dataprocessors/dataprocessors_after_submitting/sendrmaemaildataprocessor.md).
```
